Refine "require" / "import" conditions constraints (#35311)
nodejs/node: doc/api/packages.md

Node.js supports the following conditions out of the box:

* `"import"` - matched when the package is loaded via `import` or

>    `import()`, or via any top-level load or resolve operation by the

Reviewer: > or via any top-level load or resolve operation by the ECMAScript module loader.

are there any other such operations?

Author: Only for tools like bundlers etc currently as you cannot set a package as a top-level entry into Node.js. But eg if we were to permit `new Worker('import:external-dep')` or something it should follow the same logic. Not that we do but trying to capture the overall spirit of it.

Author: I updated the wording here to use "top-level import" over "top-level load". Hopefully that clarifies a bit better.

   ECMAScript module loader. Applies regardless of the module format of the
   target file. _Always mutually exclusive with `"require"`._
* `"require"` - matched when the package is loaded via `require()`.

>    As `require()` only supports CommonJS, the referenced file should be
>    CommonJS, although the condition will be matched regardless of the module
>    format of the target file. _Always mutually exclusive with `"import"`._

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is true (and I know it's not something you introduced here).

```suggestion
   The referenced file should be loadable with `require()` although the condition
   will be matched regardless of the module format of the target file. Expected formats
   include CommonJS, JSON, and native addons but not ES modules as `require()`
   doesn't support them. _Always mutually exclusive with `"import"`._
```
